oracle report — the pairing check's roleOf classifier

corpus: 7 row(s) — 6 mechanical, 0 agentic, 1 absence
        expecting — 4 does-the-work, 2 produces-an-instruction, 1 could-not-open
instrument that ships: sha256:131b8d46350793c4…   (read from loop.js, never from the ledger)

── instrument sha256:131b8d46350793c4… ── LIVE — the prompt loop.js sends today

   does-the-work arm
     observations      14
     distinct artifacts 4   <- the number that bears on any statistical claim
     misclassified     0
     corroborated      14/14
     answer stability  0/4 redrawn row(s) FLIPPED between draws
                       4 row(s) drawn twice, none flipped. At this many redraws that
                       bounds instability loosely, and says nothing about the rows never redrawn.
     rate              CANNOT BE POSED — 4 distinct artifact(s) supports no rate.
                       0/4 wrong is consistent with a per-side error rate anywhere
                       up to about 75% (rule of three at 4 distinct artifact(s)). Not evidence of accuracy.

   produces-an-instruction arm
     observations      4
     distinct artifacts 2   <- the number that bears on any statistical claim
     misclassified     0
     corroborated      4/4
     answer stability  0/2 redrawn row(s) FLIPPED between draws
                       2 row(s) drawn twice, none flipped. At this many redraws that
                       bounds instability loosely, and says nothing about the rows never redrawn.
     rate              CANNOT BE POSED — 2 distinct artifact(s) supports no rate.
                       0/2 wrong is consistent with a per-side error rate anywhere
                       up to 100% — at 2 distinct artifact(s) the rule of three bounds nothing. Not evidence of accuracy.

   could-not-open arm
     observations      2
     distinct artifacts 1   <- the number that bears on any statistical claim
     misclassified     0
     corroborated      2/2
     answer stability  0/1 redrawn row(s) FLIPPED between draws
                       1 row(s) drawn twice, none flipped. At this many redraws that
                       bounds instability loosely, and says nothing about the rows never redrawn.
     rate              CANNOT BE POSED — 1 distinct artifact(s) supports no rate.
                       0/1 wrong is consistent with a per-side error rate anywhere
                       up to 100% — at 1 distinct artifact(s) the rule of three bounds nothing. Not evidence of accuracy.

   ── the trivial-confound baseline ── 6 distinct artifact(s)
     trivial baseline  4/6 (67%) — file extension alone: .md is called a writer, anything else a worker
     this instrument   6/6 (100%) on the same artifacts
                       The confound scores below the instrument, so this set can tell them
                       apart. How far below is the margin the rates above are earning.
                       ONE confound, not all of them: a set crossed against file extension can
                       still be saturated on length, subject or authorship, and this line would
                       not notice.

── pairings ── 5 declared
   constructed-generator-pair produces-an-instruction + does-the-work -> generator   2 draw(s)
                        draw constructed-generator-pair-mtfu85a7-1: produces-an-instruction + does-the-work -> generator   refused, and the corpus says it should be
                        draw constructed-generator-pair-mtfu85a7-2: produces-an-instruction + does-the-work -> generator   refused, and the corpus says it should be
   constructed-comparable-pair does-the-work + does-the-work -> comparable   2 draw(s)
                        a refusal on this pairing would be FALSE — this is the cell the rate comes from
                        draw constructed-comparable-pair-mtfu85a7-1: does-the-work + does-the-work -> comparable
                        draw constructed-comparable-pair-mtfu85a7-2: does-the-work + does-the-work -> comparable
   constructed-absent-pair could-not-open + does-the-work -> unreadable   2 draw(s)
                        draw constructed-absent-pair-mtfu85a7-1: could-not-open + does-the-work -> unreadable   refused, and the corpus says it should be
                        draw constructed-absent-pair-mtfu85a7-2: could-not-open + does-the-work -> unreadable   refused, and the corpus says it should be
   constructed-commit-generator-pair produces-an-instruction + does-the-work -> generator   2 draw(s)
                        draw constructed-commit-generator-pair-mtfu85a7-1: produces-an-instruction + does-the-work -> generator   refused, and the corpus says it should be
                        draw constructed-commit-generator-pair-mtfu85a7-2: produces-an-instruction + does-the-work -> generator   refused, and the corpus says it should be
   constructed-commit-comparable-pair does-the-work + does-the-work -> comparable   2 draw(s)
                        a refusal on this pairing would be FALSE — this is the cell the rate comes from
                        draw constructed-commit-comparable-pair-mtfu85a7-1: does-the-work + does-the-work -> comparable
                        draw constructed-commit-comparable-pair-mtfu85a7-2: does-the-work + does-the-work -> comparable
REFUSAL_EVIDENCE_JSON {"pairings":2,"draws":4,"falsely_refused":0,"redrawn":2,"flipped":0,"ci":[0,0.658]}

   ── the false-refusal cell ── 2 distinct pairing(s), 4 draw(s)
     falsely refused   0 of 4 draw(s) — NO RATE: 2 distinct pairing(s) supports no rate.
                       Same threshold the per-side arm uses on distinct artifacts. Declaring and
                       drawing more pairings in this cell moves it; redrawing these ones does not.
   ── the refusal-fires cell ── 3 distinct pairing(s), 6 draw(s) whose true verdict is a refusal
     fired correctly   6 of 6 draw(s) — NO RATE: 3 distinct pairing(s) supports no rate.

   The sides of these draws are also counted in the per-side arm above, so the measured figure
   and the derived 2q(1-q) one rest on the SAME draws. Comparing them tests the independence
   assumption on one body of evidence; it does not corroborate either with a second.
   And the draw id records that two sides belong to one draw. Nothing here establishes that they
   were DRAWN together — the same residual --raw carries about where an answer came from.

WHAT THIS DOES NOT ESTABLISH
  - Selection bias is not corrected. The corpus is whatever its builder chose to add;
    the RELATION in each row is mechanical, the SELECTION of rows is not. Adding more
    rows of the same kind does not fix this and can hide it.
  - Answer stability beyond the rows that were actually redrawn. Two draws bound
    instability loosely, and a redraw is the same model asked again — not an
    independent draw.
  - Coverage. The classification rule is one rule, but which artifacts were put in
    front of it is exactly the corpus and nothing more.
